##Project Proposal

For my final project, I would like to take all the features from the previous
Java adventure assignment (that are not reliant on a server connection), 
recreate them in C++, and then expand upon them. In terms of how I would like to
expand upon the original design, I had always wanted to implement a combat 
system with the enemies in the various rooms, as well as actual usage for items
such as the keys or the magic bow I implemented. I would also like to expand the
dungeon somewhat, adding new rooms and, if possible, functional puzzles, that 
way exploring it offers a lot more variety. I plan to still include the more 
visual elements that were present in the original assignment (i.e. images to 
represent rooms, combat, etc.).

As for background knowledge, I would already have a strong base in that I would 
understand the workings of a very basic version of this program. Beyond that, I 
am an avid fan of adventure games like the Legend of Zelda, so I have a good 
source of inspiration for gameplay elements. That's part of the reason why I 
already thought of gameplay elements I knew I wouldn't have enough time to 
implement when I was doing the Java version of the assignment. Above all, I'm 
inspired to do this project idea specifically because I hope to do real game 
development in the future, so there is no better way to keep testing that 
potential than with a project like this. In the past, I've had some experience 
making small mini-games written in Python with the Pygame library, and I've 
definitely enjoyed it and found myself really connecting with that kind of work.

A rough timeline of work would definitely begin with first transferring 
everything over to a C++ project. The first week will be totally focused on 
bringing it all over to CLion and making changes based on feedback from the 
past. I'm not too concerned with this eating up my time because, in the original
version, I had already sowed the seeds for the expansions to the game, such as 
there already being enemy entities, item pickups, door lock statuses, puzzle 
rooms, and a boss (albeit all of these either don't do anything or have very 
limited functionality as of now). The second week would shift focus to 
implementing interactions with entities and rooms. The main priorities would be 
simple combat (probably turn-based) and item pickup usage. By the third week, I 
would work on implementing the visual aspects of the project, start polishing 
everything I've mentioned so far, and expand the layout of the dungeon. If after
all that I still have time left over, I would like to implement the puzzles for 
the puzzle rooms and perhaps even a more unique combat scenario for the boss.

I think my distribution of work is quite reasonable for the three weeks I'll 
be given. I'm excited at the prospect of fully designing this adventure game as 
I originally wanted to. Hopefully, I can implement everything I mentioned, 
including the "stretch goals."